# Docker pre-exercises Errors and Solutions
---
## Possible errors
We can find some errors in the process. These are solutions we found.

- Error 139
- CPU and Memory High

    ### Error 139
    To solve this we need to follow the next instructions.
    
    - Go to user folder in your system.
    - Using the bash stop wsl process with `wsl --shutdown`
    - Using the bash or another tool create a file called ".wslconfig"
    - Into it write the next lines
    
        `[wsl2]`

        `guiApplications=false`
        
        `kernelCommandLine = vsyscall=emulate`
    
    - Now you can start again the wsl process opening Docker.
    
    ### CPU and Memory High
    To solve this we need to follow the next instructions.
    
    - Go to user folder in your system.
    - Using the bash stop wsl process with `wsl --shutdown`
    - Using the bash or another tool create a file called ".wslconfig". You can only add the next lines if you already have the file instead.
    - Into it write the next lines
    
        `[wsl2]`

        `memory=1GB`
        
        `processors=2`
    
    - Now you can start again the wsl process opening Docker.

# Docker Errors and Solutions in the cloud
---
## Possible errors
We can find some errors in the process. These are solutions we found.
(By the moment we weren't able to find solutions)

- /argo/staging/script: line 3: cd: workspace: No such file or directory
- Workflow/test-hostpath never ends
- External-IP is not given
    ### Error /argo/staging/script: line 3
    This error is generated by the git version used in the image. By the moment, we have tried installed a latest version.
    But it's not working.
    
    ### Error Workflow/test-hostpath never ends
    This workflow never ends so we can get information about it.

    ### Error External-IP is not given
    An external IP is not given by the process.
